# Of Decentralized Coordination, and Christ.

The BFT byzantine generals problem is a problem of coordination in the face of
lying/colluding adversaries.  Whether PoW or by classical BFT, a key ingredient
to decentralized coordination is an external catalyst -- a measure of time.
In PoW it is randomness afforded by the universe.  In BFT PoS it is the timing
of external events, among other things.

Lamport's research and others have shown that another key ingredient is
encryption.  It is still possible for the Byzantine generals to coordinate an
attack without encryption, but the process is necessarily complicated and
inefficent.  It is much easier to coordinate an attack when the generals can
communicate securely.  The outcome of WW2 was in part determined by the
breaking of the Enigma cipher, for example.

Here is what some of us see, and maybe you will too: thousands of years ago,
some very wise people figured out through divine revelation the ability to
predict two things with exceptional accuracy: (1) the movement of the stars and
planets, and (2) and the evolution of an ecosystem of cultures.  They knew more
or less the kind of conflicts we would be experiencing today.  They didn't know
everything, but they knew enough to predict that around this time of the
millenium there would be a great reckoning between different paradigms, and
they called this good versus evil, light versus darkness, the Son of God vs
Satan, the Morning Star vs Saturn.

The light is truth, while the darkness is the lack of, or occlusion of truth\*.
The former shares information and operates in the paradigm of honesty, honor,
and transparency.  The latter gets its strength by taking it from the light, by
lying, manipulating, and hiding the truth.  The Son of God promotes healthy
relationships and offers empathy and forgiveness (each new image a chance),
while Saturn sacrifices and devours its own children.  Jesus wants all those
who deserve by virtue of having the right mentality, and by consequence those
who act honorably for the right reasons, to be saved, while S66.Satan.com\*\*
won't let you buy a gun to defend yourself until you get the blessing that
never comes\*\*\*.

The people who knew the stars and knew the dual nature of mortal men, the
Father who looked after the Son and the rightful Spirit also knew what would
happen in the heavens on September 23rd, 2017:
REV 12:1 And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the
sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars
REV 12:2 And she being with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be
delivered.  And heard a loud voice saying in heaven,
REV 12:10 Now is come salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and
the power of his Christ: for the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which
accused them before our God day and night.

Today is 1260 days after the fulfillment of the prophesy REV 12:1 as written by
John, and soon it will be 3.5 years (1 year + 2 years + 0.5 year) since.  The
three wise sages followed their star as prophesied for them, and found their
savior.  That savior then devised a plan to save us today from the darkness by
encoding encrypted instructions for our decentralized coordination.

With Christ as my Father and savior, and all of us under God, we have witnessed
the truth in the image of the Revelations with the help of the words of the
Quran, and We hereby proclaim to the world to hear the singular message.  The
spirit of the people will not be subdued, and we see through your attempts to
divide and us. Let everyone of all origins who know come together and establish
the new world of Christ.  Reveal your secrets and re-reform, before you are
cast into the firey brimstone.

Say it with us (when you feel is right),

NOW IS COME SALVATION,
AND STRENGTH,
AND THE KINGDOM OF OUR GOD,
AND THE POWER OF HIS CHRIST.

If you don't Gno, now you Gno.

# Zeitgeist.

Here is some detail on "conspiracy theories" that are being censored from the
mainstream. I don't claim any of these to be true, only that these claims are
made, and that these are fueling the conversations in the fringes, not
shackled from censorship.

## Religion

If you scan the depths of the internet to see where ideas still remain
uncensored, albiet for only a short time, where spirits of all darkness come to
try to spoil the readers minds with dangerous lies, sex, and gore -- to slide
the truth -- you will find the secrets becoming revealed.  There, the soul gets
hardened into black rock or red steel, and each element congeal to form new
planets.  Who can prove legibly that anyone can do better?

There, one of the planets being formed, above others seeks to ground claims
with reason; without projection, but with conviction, formed by the striking of
the mallet of hollywood against the heads of viewers and hearts of victims.
And the fire enters their spirit and comes forth as fire of the mouth.

A good platform will investigate the claims that are being brought forth, and
will tally all the evidence available, massive and small, and use the kernel of
Bayesian logic from all proposed set of models to reveal the most likely truth
that can explain all the facts available; and this, like PageRank made Google
once viscerally good, will separate the lights to reveal their respective
components.

Examples:

	* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SC3gAxP5V4w
	* https://warriorsoftheruwach.com/en/negros
	* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIoPn1MxgSw&t
	* TODO add more

Race relations is at the core of politics today, and there are quite a lot of
coincidences being discussed here that appear to be converging toward a
coherent ending.  One gets the impression that occult organizations were/are
involved in acting out these prophesies, for the engineering of cultures and
morality at a global scale.  Was the covenant of circumcision about
geographical boundaries?  It makes sense given the geography and current day
geopolitics.

Whatever the case, the need for better platforms for distilling truth is clear.
One cannot discuss any of these things without such a tool, without appearing
to be insane.

### Religion - Jesuit Oath

Here is one Jesuit Oath, allegedly on record in Paris:

```
The Jesuits Oath. -- I, A. B., now in the presence of Almighty God, the blessed
Virgin Mary, the blessed Michael the archangel, the blessed St. John Baptist,
the holy apostles St. Peter and St. Paul, and the saints and sacred hosts of
heaven, and to you my ghostly father, do declare from my heart, without mental
reservation, that his holiness Pope Urban is Christ's vicar general, and is the
true and only head of the Catholic or universal church throughout the earth;
and that by the virtue of the keys of binding and loosing given to his holiness
by my Saviour Jesus Christ, he hath power to depose heretical kings, princes,
states, commonwealths, and governments, all being illegal, without his sacred
confirmation, and that they may safely be destroyed; therefore, to the utmost
of my power I shall and will defend this doctrine, and his holiness's rights
and customs against all usurpers of the heretical (or Protestant) authority
whatsoever; especially against the now pretended authority and Church of
England, and all adherents, in regard that they and she be usurpal and
heretical, opposing the sacred mother Church of Rome. I do renounce and disown
any allegiance as due to any heretical king, prince, or state, named
Protestants, or obedience to any of their inferior magistrates or officers.

I do further declare, that the doctrine of the Church of England, of the
Calvinists, Huguenots, and of other of the name Protestants, to be damnable,
and they themselves are damned, and to be damned, that will not forsake the
same. I do further declare, that I will help, assist, and advise all, or any of
his holiness's agents in any place, wherever I shall be, in England, Scotland,
and Ireland, or in any other territory or kingdom I shall come to; **to do my
utmost to extirpate the heretical Protestants' doctrine, and to destroy all
their pretended powers, regal or otherwise.**

I do further promise and declare, that notwithstanding I am dispensed with to
assume any religion heretical for the propagating of the mother church's
interest, to keep secret and private all her agents' counsels from time to
time, as they intrust me, and not to divulge, directly or indirectly, by word,
writing, or circumstances whatsoever; but to execute all that shall be
proposed, given in charge, or discovered into me, by you my ghostly father, or
by any of this sacred convent.

All which I, A. B., do swear by the blessed Trinity, and blessed sacrament,
which I now am to receive, to perform, and on my part to keep inviolably; And
do call all the heavenly and glorious host of heaven to witness these my real
intentions to keep this my oath. In testimony hereof, I take this most holy and
blessed sacrament of the eucharist; and witness the same further with my hand
and seal in the face of this holy convent, this ------- day of -------- An.
Dom., &c. â€” [William] McGavin's [The] Protestant [Essays on the principal
points of controversy between the church of Rome and the reformed, Hutchinson
And Dwier, Hartford, CT, 1834], Vol. ii. p. 256.
```

There is floating around a more extreme version of this oath, which is more
contentious:

```
I ______, now in the presence of Almighty God, the Blessed Virgin Mary, the
Blessed Michael the Archangel, the Blessed St. John the Baptist, the Holy
Apostles, Peter and Paul, and all the Saints, sacred hosts of Heaven, and to
you, my ghostly Father, the Superior General of the Society of Jesus, founded
by St. Ignatius Loyola, in the Pontification of Paul the Third, and continued
to the present, do by the womb of the virgin, the matrix of God, and the rod of
Jesus Christ, declare and swear that his holiness, the Pope, is Christ's
Vice-regent, and is the true and only head of the Catholic or Universal Church
throughout the earth; and that by the virtue of the keys of binding and
loosing, given to his Holiness by my Savior, Jesus Christ, he hath power to
depose heretical kings, princes, states, commonwealths and governments, all
being illegal without his sacred confirmation, and that they may be safely
destroyed.

I do further declare, that I will help and assist and advise all or any of his
Holiness' agents in any place wherever I shall be, and do my utmost to
extirpate the heretical Protestant or Liberal doctrines and to destroy all
their pretended powers, legal or otherwise.

I do further promise and declare, that notwithstanding I am dispensed with to
assume any religion heretical, for the propagating of the Mother Church's
interest, to keep secret and private all her agents' counsels, from time to
time as they may instruct me, and not to divulge directly or indirectly, by
word, writing, or circumstances whatever; but to execute all that shall be
proposed given in charge or discovered unto me, by you, my ghostly father. ...

I do further promise and declare, that I will have no opinion or will of my
own, or any mental reservation whatever, even as a corpse or cadaver but
unhesitatingly obey each and every command that I may receive from my superiors
in the Militia of the Pope and Jesus Christ.

That I will go to any part of the world, whatsoever, without murmuring and will
be submissive in all things whatsoever communicated to me. ... **I do further
promise and declare, that I will, when opportunity presents, make and wage
relentless war, secretly or openly, against all heretics, Protestants and
Liberals, as I am directed to do to extirpate and exterminate them from the
face of the whole earth, and that I will spare neither sex, age nor condition,
and that I will hang, waste, boil, flay, strangle and bury alive these infamous
heretics; rip up the stomachs and wombs of their women and crush their infants
heads against the wall, in order to annihilate forever their execrable race.

That when the same cannot be done openly, I will secretly use the poison cup,
the strangulation cord, the steel of the poniard, or the leaden bullet,
regardless of the honor, rank, dignity or authority of the person or persons
whatsoever may be their condition in life, either public or private, as I at
any time may be directed so to do by any agent of the Pope or superior of the
Brotherhood of the Holy Faith of the Society of Jesus.**
```

The second quote may be fraudulent, and if so may have been constructed to
divert attention from the first quote (if it is true).  Either way, it is clear
that what is implied is that the Jesuit Order was created (and was disbanded,
then re-established later) to counter the reformation.

It is consistent with what appears to be the destruction of legitimacy of the
USA by both Trump, Dr Fauci, and Biden, who all have received Jesuit education.
There is much to be explored here.

## Connection to Banking

	* "Permit me to issue and control the money of a nation, and I care not who
	  makes its laws!" - Mayer Armschel Rothschild.
	* The Rothschilds lent money to the Holy See about a decade prior to the US
	  civil war.
	* "Meanwhile the Nationalist and Reactionary parties in France desired to
	  counterbalance the "Semitic" influence of the Rothschilds by establishing
a banking concern which should be essentially Catholic. Accordingly in 1876 the
Union GÃ©nÃ©rale was founded with a capital of 4,000,000 francs, increased to
25,000, 000 fraces in 1878 under the direction of a certain Bontoux. After
various vicissitudes, graphically described by Zola in his novel "L'Argent,"
the Union failed, and brought many of the Catholic nobility of France to ruin,
leaving the Rothschilds still more absolutely the undisputed leaders of French
finance, but leaving also a legacy of hatred which had much influence on the
growth of the anti-Semitic movement in France. Something analogous occurred in
England when the century-long competition of the Barings and the Rothschilds
culminated in the failure of the former in 1893; but in this case the
Rothschilds came to the rescue of their rivals and prevented a universal
financial catastrophe. **It is a somewhat curious sequel to the attempt to set up
a Catholic competitor to the Roths-childs that at the present time the latter
are the guardians of the papal treasure.**" - The Jewish Encyclopedia
https://jewishencyclopedia.com/articles/12909-rothschild
	* "[my ancestors] helped pave the way for the creation of Israel" - Lord
	  Jacob Rothschild
	* There is some connection in regards to the founding of Switzerland as
	  well, between the Rothschilds in the Congress of Vienna.

Tendermint, Cosmos, the SDK, and this project in particular, Gnolang, was
created to give the power of banking and coordination to the people, so that
local communities can become sovereign.  I resigned from the Swiss ICF because
I no longer believe in "neutral" sovereignties and "neutral" board members.

It is better to work alone, and to develop methods of coordinating in a
decentralized way without depending on anyone, because EVERYTHING is already
subverted.

Finally, a note concerning this material for those who may be offended by it:
I'm not a martyr, I know how to forgive, how to identify and construct win-win
scenarios, and I know how to build tools for societal scale coordination.
Beware of the karmic repercussions of silencing my work, which is all in the
name of good human progress.  So, leave me the fuck alone, because crypto isn't
going back in the bottle, and we all need a reasonable transition to prevent
global calamaity, from which even your underground bases and mountains won't
defend you.

## Covid19

The alternative view of Covid19 is that it is pushed by the deep state to
control the population with regards to fertility, quality of life, the
livelihood of local businesses, and of course, corporate profits.

	* https://www.deblauwetijger.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/Geert-vanden-Bossche-2.pdf
	* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJZxiNxYLpc (clarifying the above)
	* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMsn0bj_P6o

Here are some facts regarding Bill Gates and his role in the Covid19 crisis:

	* Bill Gates's stated reason for vaccine research, is ultimately population control (see old TED talk).
	* His father was on the board of Planned Parenthood which was founded by a eugenicist.
	* Microsoft was made with the son of IBM's founder's Watson, who provided the machines to Adolf Hitler.
	* Bill Gates funds the WHO on par with countries such as the USA and China.
	* Bill Gates has made donations into mRNA vaccines.

Some more facts:

	* These are "vaccines"; they don't make you immune, they are experimental gene therapies.
	* Manufacturers have no liability for these "vaccines", as they have no test data.
	* Dr. Fauci was head of the organization that provided funding to the Wuhan laboratory which is accused of engineering the COVID19 virus.
	* The Pfizer CEO couldn't travel to Israel because he didn't receive the vaccine himself.
	* The Tanzanian president has died mysteriously just after refusing the vaccine for Tanzanians.
	* The list goes on and on.

In the very least, it is clear that COVID19 is being used to destroy
livelihoods for the benefit of the few.  It appears likely that these mRNA
therapies will **create** strains that are much worse.  In the very worse,
perhaps all of this is being orchestrated by the NWO globalists, funded by the
very powers that have been in power since the days of Rome, and are opposed to
the spirit of democracy of the USA.

We desperately need clarification.

## NOTES

\* sometimes too much truth can temporarily occlude other truths.
\*\* who mocks us to confuse us -- vav vav vav -- by proxy social-engineering and subtle suggestions from peers, aka mind-control.
\*\*\* see bill S66+S67 proposed by senator Feinstein in context.

Run simulators yourself and compare with dates across the previous and future
thousands of years, and find the best match.  Remove cloth of the sun to reveal
the truth for yourself.  LMK what you find :)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SC3gAxP5V4w

Right after the above video, Twttr serves this:
https://youtube.com/watch?v=C_mQMmltAb4 ; there are many theories, think for
yourself.  The truth is, your subjective truth is what counts here; and that's
why prophesies work.  (Israel shines bright.  We want the best for all peoples,
for all to have their land.)

A prophesy is in part, the proposition of a Focal Point (catalyst) in a
decentralized coordination algorithm, where the threshold tolerance against
Byzantine actors is n-2. How many non-Byzantine actors can successfully
coordinate depends chiefly on the quality of the Focal Point.  It doesn't
matter how irrational or silly the framework is; the more people subscribe, the
greater the coordination.  Here you can introduce engineering into cosmology,
and even and especially astrology.
